[ Heartbeat ]
[ Additional Heartbeats ]
[ Faint Whimpering ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Wind Whistling ]
[ Chirping ]
Boys, let's do this!
[ Knocking ]
Gray?
Honey,
what are you doing?
What is this?
Here. Let's go.
Come on, honey.
Your flight's in two hours.
Dane County Airport
is 36 minutes away,
60 with traffic.
How many minutes
to get your little butt
in the van? Hmm?
How many of those?
Feed the monster
under your bed?
Yes.
Call me every day,
and text me pics so I don't
forget what you look like.
I'm only gonna be gone
a week.
Zach.
You're not going
off to war here.
Please.
Come on.
I love you.
I--
will see you later.
[ Father ]
¡Vámonos!
Bye. Okay?
Bye.
[ Engine Starts ]
You in, buddy?
[ Door Closes ]
Are you gonna be okay?
I know it hurts,
sweetheart.
[ Man ]
* Have yourself *
* A merry little Christmas *
Everything right on there?
I'm so jealous.
You're gonna have
so much fun!
I love you too.
I love you.
* From now on *
* Our troubles
will be miles away *
Okay, right.
All right, um,
let's give these
to your brother. Okay?
You hold these, please.
Can you hold these?
Honey, I need you
to take care of these.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Listen to your mother.
[ Mother ]
Take care of your brother.
Answer your phone.
I'm serious.
It's the green button.
When you see my name,
push it. Okay?
And remember,
something chases you, run.
- Come on!
- Ah, you're funny.
- Okay, let's go. Come on.
- Bye, guys.
I miss you already!
Bye.
Yeah.
So much for our last
family breakfast.
Why do you have to
say things like that?
Did you
call your sister?
Straight to voice mail.
It'll be fine.
She handles 20,000
people a day, right?
She can handle
two more.
[ Gray ]
How big is the island?
But how many pounds?
Big.
Doesn't
make sense.
[ Gray ]
When they first opened,
they had eight species.
Now they have 14 herbivores
and six carnivores.
That's, like,
50 tons of food
a week.
[ Laughing ]
[ Woman On PA ]
Welcome to Isla Nublar,
home of Jurassic World.
We hope you have a safe
and enjoyable stay with us.
Where's Aunt Claire?
[ Woman On PA ] The asteroid's
impact also devastated 50%
of known plant species,
taking ecosystems
millions of years to recover.
[ Man On PA ] Okay, those of you
in the front of the train should
be able to see our main gates.
Those were part
of the original park
over 20 years ago.
Your aunt arranged
to greet you at 1:00.
Can he slow down?
Nope.
Come on!
Your aunt's got you VIP access,
so you can get on all the rides
without waiting in line.
Let's go!
Dude, she said
we had to wait.
I don't wanna
wait anymore!
Hal Osterly,
vice president.
Jim Drucker, bad hair.
Erica Brand,
deserves better.
Hal, Jim, Erica.
And I am Claire.
[ Elevator Beeps ]
Three minutes late.
[ Sighs ]
Welcome to Jurassic World.
[ Claire ]
While year-over-year revenue
continues to climb,
operating costs
are higher than ever.
Our shareholders
have been patient,
but let's be honest.
No one's impressed
by a dinosaur anymore.
Twenty years ago, de-extinction
was right up there with magic.
These days, kids look
at a stegosaurus like
an elephant from the city zoo.
That doesn't mean
Asset Development
is falling behind.
Our DNA excavators
discover new species
every year.
But consumers
want them bigger, louder.
More teeth.
The good news?
Our advances in gene splicing
have opened up
a whole new frontier.
We've learned more from genetics
in the past decade...
than a century
of digging up bones.
So, when you say you want
to sponsor an attraction,
what do you have in mind?
We want to be thrilled.
Don't we all?
The Indominus rex.
Our first
genetically modified
hybrid.
How did you get
two different kinds
of dinosaurs to, you know--
Oh, Indominus
wasn't bred.
She was designed.
She will be 50 feet long
when fully grown.
Bigger than the T. rex.
Every time
we've unveiled a new asset,
attendance has spiked.
Global news coverage.
Celebrity visitors.
Eyes of the world.
When will she be ready?
She already is.
Relax.
[ Gray ]
Come on!
- Come on.
- Dude, chill.
[ Woman On PA ]
Welcome to
the Innovation Center,
where technology
meets prehistory.
[ Bellowing ]
[ Man On PA ] The Triceratops
can go horn-to-tooth
with the apex predator.
Literally meaning
"three-horned face" in Greek,
Triceratops
is half as tall asT. rex.
[ Man #2 ]
...as 100 trillion tons
of TNT.
[ Man #3 ]
...can turn its head back
to look over its shoulder,
to better aim the swing
of its dangerous tail.
Cytosine, guanine,
adenine and thymine.
Same four things
in everything
that ever lived.
Test your knowledge!
Don't wander off.
Mom's not paying me
for babysitting.
The building blocks
of life.
Gray! Is that you?
Aunt Claire!
Okay, I'm gonna have to go.
My nephews are here.
Hi!
Oh!
Oh, my gosh, you're so--
you're so sweet.
Whoa. Zach.
Last time I saw you,
you were, like--
That must have been, what?
Three, four years ago?
Uh, seven. Seven years.
But, you know, close.
So I see you already
got your wristbands.
And this is for food.
And Zara here is going to
take great care of you until
I'm done working tonight. Okay?
You're not coming with us?
Oh, I-- I really wish
that I could, but, um--
Tomorrow, I can take you
into the control room,
show you behind the scenes
and all of that.
That-- That's--
That's gonna be
cool, right?
[ Phone Chimes ]
Okay, so, um,
I will see you tonight,
at, uh, 6:00.
- No, no, don't forget
you have the--
- Right. Of course.
I will see you tonight at 8:00.
What time do you go to sleep?
Or do you go to sleep
at different times?
[ Phone Chimes ]
Okay, so, um, have fun.
And take very good care
of them. Okay?
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah.
No, I'm here.
[ Radio: Man ] 10-4. It's those
two juvenile Triceratops.
[ Chattering ]
They're going at it again.
Should I tranq them,
or are you coming over
to take care of this?
They're running.
[ Man #2 ]
Yeah, go ahead and tranq 'em.
What's the live count?
22,216.
- Any incidents?
- Yeah, six kids
in the lost-and-found.
- Uh, 28 down with heatstroke--
- Where did you get that?
Oh, this? I got it on eBay.
Yeah, it's pretty amazing.
I got it for $150,
but the mint condition one
goes for 300, eas--
Didn't occur to you
maybe that's in poor taste?
The shirt? Y-Yeah, it did.
I understand people died.
It was terrible.
But... that first park
was legit.
You know, I-I have
a lot of respect for it.
They didn't need
these genetic hybrids.
They just needed real dinosaurs.
- Okay, please don't
wear it again.
- Yeah. Wasn't gonna.
Looks like it.
Did you close the deal?
Verizon Wireless
presents the Indominus rex.
[ Sighs ]
That is so terrible.
Why not just go the distance,
Claire, and just let these
corporations name the dinosaurs?
They've got all the ballparks.
Why stop there?
-Why are the west plains closed?
-Another pachy
roaming outside his zone.
- But he's fully sedated
and ready for relocation.
- Pepsi-saurs.
Tostito-don.
Security said the invisible
fences were a no-fail. That
is the second time this month.
[ Woman ] The pachys
short out their implants
when they butt heads.
How much longer until
they get it out of there?
He just got five milligrams
of carfentanil.
Yes, he's very stoned.
So why don't we
show a little sympathy?
I mean, you do understand
these are actual animals, right?
Clean up your work space.
It's... chaotic.
I like to think of it
as a living system.
Just enough stability
to keep it from
collapsing into anarchy.
[ Grumbles ]
[ Man On PA ]
Inbound chopper Jurassic One.
ETA, five minutes.
Claire.
Mr. Masrani.
You are flying.
I got my license.
Two more.
Yeah, two more days.
- Okay.
- So, how's my park doing?
Great. We're up
two and a half percent
over last year.
A bit lower
than our initial projection--
No, no, no, no.
How is it doing?
Are the guests having fun?
Are the animals
enjoying life?
Well, guest satisfaction
is steady in the low 90s.
We don't have a way
to measure the animals'
emotional experience.
Sure you do.
You can see in their eyes.
Of course.
[ Chuckles ]
Right?
Okay.
Now show me
my new dinosaur.
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Masrani ]
Oh!
[ Alarm Beeping ]
Got it.
Oh, my--
[ Gasping ]
You look tense, Claire.
Maybe you should just
focus on the controls.
The key to a happy life
is to accept you are
never actually in control.
Bird!
[ Squawking ]
[ Squeals ]
You should spend
a day at the beach.
Get some sun.
Uh, right.
So, marketing thought
we could offset some of
the costs by selling--
Enough about cost!
John Hammond entrusted me
with his dying wish,
and not once
did he mention profits.
"Spare no expense,"
he used to say.
I appreciate that, but, um,
the reality of operating
a theme park requires--
Don't forget why
we built this place, Claire.
Jurassic World exists
to remind us how very
small we are, how new.
You can't put
a price on that.
Now, please.
We're flying.
Breathe.
[ Gasps ]
[ Chattering ]
Is he okay?
[ Vomiting ]
Oh, he's just
being dramatic.
Are you okay?
Are you still building?
We planned
to open in May,
but Asset Containment
insisted we build
the walls up higher.
It's bigger
than expected.
It's a good sign.
We hit a few speed bumps
early on.
It began to anticipate
where the food would come from.
One of the handlers
nearly lost an arm.
The others threatened to quit
if I couldn't guarantee
their safety.
So she's intelligent
then.
For a dinosaur.
And that?
It tried to
break the glass.
I like her spirit.
[ Growling ]
[ Growling Continues ]
Oh, it's white.
You never told me
it was white.
Think it'll
scare the kids?
The kids?
This'll give the parents
nightmares.
Is that good?
It's fantastic.
Can she see us?
They say it can sense
thermal radiation,
like snakes.
I thought there were
two of them.
There was a sibling,
in case this one
didn't survive infancy.
Where's the sibling?
She ate it.
So...
the paddock
is quite safe then?
We have the best
structural engineers
in the world.
Yeah, so did Hammond.
There's an American
navy man here.
Part of a research program
one of my companies is running.
Owen Grady.
I know who he is.
His animals
often try to escape.
They're smart.
He has to be smarter.
He only thinks
he's smarter.
I want you
to bring him in.
Let him inspect
the paddock.
Maybe he sees something
we can't.
[ Animals Chittering,
Squawking ]
[ Squealing, Snorting ]
[ Man ]
Hold!
- [ Snorts ]
- [ Huffing ]
[ Grunting, Chittering ]
[ Man ]
Hey!
[ Clicks ]
Okay!
Eyes on me.
Blue.
[ Clicking ]
Blue!
Watch it.
Charlie, do-- Hey!
Don't give me that shit!
Delta!
Lock it up!
[ Clicking ]
Good!
And... we're moving!
[ Shrieking, Snarling ]
Hold!
Hey, that's good.
That is damn good.
[ Clicking ]
Very good!
See, Charlie?
That's what you get!
Echo,
there you go!
Delta!
Blue?
This one's for you.
Hold!
Eyes up!
Go.
[ Men Shout ]
All right, boss!
All right!
[ Laughing ]
You finally did it, man.
Owen.
[ Laughing ]
I was starting to think
I hired the wrong guys,
but, damn, you got 'em
eating out of your palm.
You came on a good day.
It's not usually
a happy ending.
That why
you're not sending in
your reports?
We've been busy.
Not too busy
to cash your paychecks.
Uh, what do you need,
buddy?
A field test.
Hey.
I've just seen
they can respond
to commands.
We need to take the research
and get it on its feet.
They're wild animals, Hoskins.
Trust me. You don't
want 'em in the field.
I just saw a bond,
a real bond,
between man and beast.
Come on.
We're the same.
You're in my way.
We're dogs of war.
We know that
the military needs
to reduce casualties.
Some people think
that robots are the future.
Look, nature gave us the most
effective killing machines
75 million years ago,
and now we know
they can take orders.
We finally make progress,
and that's the first thing
he says? Make a weapon?
[ Mutters ]
Shit.
Come on, gents.
It's grown-up time.
Drones can't search
tunnels and caves.
And they're hackable.
The minute a real war
breaks out, all that
fancy tech is gonna go dark.
Yeah, but that tech's
not gonna eat them
if they forget to feed it.
Look.
Look at these creatures.
They've got millions
of years of instinct
in their cells,
instinct
that we can program.
Their loyalty
cannot be bought.
These guys are gonna
run straight into
the enemy's teeth...
and eat 'em,
belt buckle and all.
What if they decide
they wanna be in control?
Well, then
we remind 'em who is.
We terminate the rogues.
Promote only
loyal bloodlines.
[ Laughing ]
What?
What's so funny?
[ Whistles ]
You come here and you
don't learn anything
about these animals...
except what
you want to know.
You made them,
and now you think
you own them.
We do own them.
Extinct animals
have no rights.
They're not extinct
anymore, Hoskins.
Exactly.
We're sitting
on a gold mine.
And Masrani is using it
to stock a petting zoo.
[ Owen ] He just wants
to teach people some humility.
He doesn't make weapons.
You think that
the eighth richest man
in the world...
is only into oil, telecom
and family fun parks?
He's so diversified,
he doesn't even know
what he owns.
How long has InGen
been practicing this pitch?
Since the day we hired you
out of the navy.
You knew the endgame.
These animals can replace
thousands of boots
on the ground.
How many lives
would that save?
[ Gate Lock Buzzes ]
War is part of nature.
Look around, Owen.
Every living thing
in this jungle
is trying to murder the other.
Mother Nature's way
of testing her creations,
refining the pecking order.
War is a struggle.
Struggle breeds greatness.
Without that, we end up
with places like this,
charge seven bucks a soda.
Do you hear yourself
when you talk?
This is gonna happen,
with or without you boys.
Progress always wins, man.
Maybe progress
should lose for once.
[ Pig Squealing ]
[ Workers Chattering ]
[ Man Shouting ]
Pig loose! Pig loose!
[ Screams ]
[ Gate Lock Buzzes ]
Owen, no!
No, no!
Hold your fire!
Do not fire!
[ Gate Lock Buzzes ]
Put 12 amps in these animals,
they're never gonna
trust me again.
Blue.
Stand down.
Hey, hey!
What did I just say?
Delta! I see you.
Back up!
Okay. Good.
[ Hissing, Snarling ]
Good.
Charlie!
Stay right there.
Good.
- Close the gate.
- Are you crazy?
- Just trust me.
- Close the gate!
Merde.
[ Gate Lock Buzzes ]
T'aurais dû l'laisser
l'bouffer.
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
You're the new guy,
right?
Yeah.
You ever wonder why
there was a job opening?
Hey, don't ever
turn your back
to the cage.
[ Growling ]
[ Bellowing ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Children Chattering
Excitedly ]
[ Chittering, Growling ]
Lift me up.
I can't see!
I'm not Dad.
And you're not five.
I can still ride
the Triceratops.
I'm 47 and a half
inches.
This place
is for little kids.
Yeah, I know. Wanna go on
the spinning dinosaur eggs?
Nope.
Hey, cover up
your dork pouch.
Because it's my wedding.
No, Alec's not having
a bachelor party.
'Cause all his friends
are animals.
- Scatter.
- What?
Go. Run.
Go, go, go, go!
[ Laughing ]
Yuck.
[ Woman On PA ]
The nextT. rex feeding
will begin in 10 minutes.
T. rex!
Come on!
Okay!
Let's go!
[ Woman On PA ]
Parents be aware,
this show may be disturbing
for smaller children.
[ Tyrannosaur Growling ]
[ Heavy Footfall ]
[ Bleating ]
Eat it! Eat it!
[ Chattering, Shouting ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Phone Rings ]
[ Crowd Gasping ]
[ Crunching ]
- Hey, Mom.
- You were supposed to
call me when you landed.
Are you having fun?
Yeah, uh, I guess.
[ Roaring ]
Aunt Claire
gave us passes so we don't
have to wait in line.
Wait,
she's not with you?
[ Ringing ]
Hey, Karen.
Hi, Claire.
How's it going?
Yeah, everything's great.
The boys are having fun.
Everyone's--
Yeah, everyone's good.
Really? 'Cause I just hung up
with Zach, and he said that
you weren't even with them.
Yeah, look.
Today turned out to be
a really bad day for me.
Um, they're in great hands.
They're with my assistant.
She's British, so--
Like, they invented nannies.
[ Laughs ]
Wait, are you crying?
This was supposed to be
a family weekend, Claire.
You haven't seen
the boys in forever.
And I know
how Zach'll treat Gray
if they're by themselves.
He can just be so mean.
Okay, I--
I'm sorry, uh--
Tomorrow, I'm gonna spend
the entire day with them.
I'm going to take off work
and I will not leave their side.
I promise.
Yeah. Well, a promise tomorrow
is worth a lot less
than trying today.
Ugh. You're using
Mom's lines now?
Oh, my God.
I amusing Mom's lines.
I'm sorry, but, you know,
I have to tell you they work.
You'll see when you have kids.
- Yeah, if.
- When.
- It's worth it.
- Bye, Mom.
Bye.
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Radio: Announcer
Chattering In Spanish ]
What do they want now?
Mr. Grady?
I need you to come
take a look at something.
Why are you calling me
Mr. Grady?
Owen.
[ Radio: Announcer ]
¡Gol!
- If you're not too busy.
- I'm pretty busy.
- We have an attraction.
- That's not what you said
the last time I saw you.
I'm talking about
the dinosaurs, Mr. Grady.
Owen.
A new species
we've-- Ugh! Made.
[ Buzzing ]
[ Buzzing Stops ]
You just went and made
a new dinosaur?
Yeah. It's, uh, kinda
what we do here.
The exhibit
opens to the public
in three weeks.
Mr. Masrani wanted me
to consult with you.
You wanna consult here
or...
in my bungalow?
[ Laughs ]
That's not funny.
A little funny.
We'd like you to
evaluate the paddock
for vulnerabilities.
Why me?
I guess Mr. Masrani
thinks...
since you're able to
control the raptors--
See? It's all about
control with you.
I don't control the raptors.
It's a relationship.
It's based on
mutual respect.
That's why you and I
never had a second date.
Excuse me.
I never wanted
a second date.
Who prints out an itinerary
for a night out?
I'm an organized
person.
And what kind of a diet
doesn't allow tequila?
All of them,
actually.
Well--
And what kind of a man
shows up to a date
in board shorts?
It's Central America.
It's hot.
Okay, okay.
Can we just focus
on the asset, please?
"The asset"?
Look, I get it.
You're in charge out here.
You gotta make
a lot of tough decisions.
It's probably easier to
pretend these animals are
just numbers on a spreadsheet.
But they're not.
They're alive.
I'm fully aware
they're alive.
You might have
made them in a test tube,
but they don't know that.
They're thinking,
I gotta eat, I gotta hunt,
I gotta--
You can relate to at least
one of those things.
Right?
I'll be in the car.
You might want to
change your shirt.
They're very sensitive
to smell.
[ Woman ] The Mosasaurus
was thought to have hunted
near the surface of the water,
where it preyed on anything
it could sink its teeth into,
including turtles, large fish,
even smaller mosasaurs.
Okay, folks, let's see
if she's still hungry...
after already
eating today.
She's a little shy,
so be nice and give her a hand
when she comes out.
Zach. Zach!
It's the Mosasaurus!
[ Crowd Shouting, Gasping ]
Oh, my God!
That was awesome!
[ Woman ]
Okay, hold on tight.
We're gonna give you
an even closer look
at our Mosasaurus.
It had 88 teeth!
[ Laughs ]
Hey, you wanna see
something else cool?
Yeah!
[ Claire ] We've been
pre-booking tickets
for months.
The park needs
a new attraction
every few years...
in order to reinvigorate
the public's interest.
Kind of like
the space program.
Corporate felt
genetic modification
would up the wow factor.
They're dinosaurs.
Wow enough.
Not according to
our focus groups.
The Indominus rex
makes us relevant again.
[ Chuckling ]
The Indominus rex.
We needed something scary
and easy to pronounce.
You should hear a four-year-old
try to say "Archaeornithomimus."
You should hear you
try to say it.
So what's this thing
made of?
The base genome
is a T. rex.
The rest is... classified.
You made a new dinosaur,
but you don't even
know what it is?
The lab delivers us
finished assets,
and we show them
to the public.
Can we drop a steer,
please?
How long has the animal
been in here?
All its life.
We can't exactly walk it.
Never seen anything
outside of these walls?
And you feed it
with that?
Is there a problem?
Animals raised in isolation
aren't always
the most functional.
Your raptors
are born in captivity.
With siblings.
They learn
social skills.
And I imprint on them
when they're born.
There's trust.
The only positive relationship
this animal has
is with that crane.
At least she knows
that means food.
So she needs a friend.
We should schedule
play dates?
That sort of thing?
Probably not
a good idea.
Where is it?
Yeah, what,
is it in the basement?
Is there a downstairs?
Maybe it's in the rec room.
It was just here.
We were just here.
[ Beeping, Squawking ]
[ Squawking Continues ]
[ Man ]
Oh, shit.
That doesn't make
any sense.
These doors haven't
been opened in weeks.
Were those claw marks
always there?
You think it--
Oh, God.
She has an implant
in her back.
I can track it
from the control room.
We have an asset
out of containment.
Put ACU on alert.
This is not a drill.
Even though
I didn't meet him
until I was 13,
I definitely consider Carl
to be, like, more of a dad
than my real dad, so--
[ Beeping ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
Yeah, hello?
Lowery.
Get me coordinates
on the Indominus.
Okay, yeah, uh--
I'm doing it right now.
[ Man ]
That wall's
40 feet high.
You really think
she could have
climbed out?
Depends.
On what?
What kind of dinosaur
they cooked up in that lab.
[ Radio Chatter ]
[ Lowery ]
Wait-- What the hell?
It's in the cage.
No, that's impossible.
I was just there.
Claire, I'm telling you,
she's in the cage.
W-Wait a sec. Wha--
There are people in there.
[ Gasping ]
Get them out of there. Now.
Now!
Paddock 11, this is control.
You need to evacuate
the containment area.
[ Radio: Static ]
Paddock 11--
Paddock 11,
do you copy?
- Yeah, what's the problem?
- It's in the cage!
It's in there with you!
Go!
[ Crunching ]
[ Screaming ]
- [ Crunches ]
- [ Beeping ]
[ Roaring ]
- Close the door.
- We can't lock him
in there!
- Come on. Close it now!
- Somebody talk to me!
What is happening?
Shit!
[ Roars ]
[ Whimpering ]
[ Inhales ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Elevator Beeps ]
- [ Radio Chatter ]
- [ Chattering ]
[ Chattering Stops ]
Everyone remain calm.
- [ Exhales ]
- [ Beeping ]
The implant will shock it
if it gets too close
to a perimeter fence.
Okay, it's moving
really fast.
This is control.
Put out a park-wide alert.
Hang up
that damn phone, please.
Sorry.
I'm getting new information.
Everything's fine.
Let Asset Containment
capture it quietly.
The very existence
of this park...
is predicated on
our ability to handle
incidents like this.
It was an eventuality.
Okay?
You should put that
in the brochure.
"Eventually one of these things
will eat somebody."
That paddock is four miles
from the closest attraction.
ACU can handle this.
No one else is gonna get--
Eaten?
[ Radio: Man ]
ACU base to all units.
This is a nonlethal operation.
Understood?
Shh.
[ Snarls ]
Tout doux.
Calme. Calme.
[ Hoskins ]
How fast can they run?
Forty.
Fifty when they're hungry.
Ooh!
You ever open 'em up,
see what they can do?
No.
[ Loud Crashing ]
Oh, shit!
[ Laughing ]
That got me!
It got me.
What do you think?
Wanna take one home?
Hey, don't joke.
When I was your age,
I rescued a wolf pup.
[ Snarling ]
It was two months old.
It could barely walk.
Used to sleep by my bed,
watch over me.
My wife, she came at me
with a steak knife.
It took a chunk
out of her arm.
You put him down?
[ Raptor Shrieks ]
Hell, no.
We had an unshakable bond,
you know?
Just like you and, um--
What's his name?
Delta.
And she's a girl.
Can I, uh--
[ Snarling ]
Shh. Shh.
Oh, wow.
[ Phone Beeping ]
Merde.
Code 19!
That's the new one!
They're saying
we lost two guys!
What's a code 19?
Asset out of containment.
These people,
they never learn.
They're gonna learn
all kinds of things
about their new asset now.
[ Beeping ]
Yeah, it's me.
We might have
an opportunity here.
Yeah.
You guys
been here before?
If Mom and Dad get divorced,
will one of us be with Mom
and the other with Dad?
What?
Why would you say that?
'Cause they are.
No, they're not
getting div--
They're not
getting divorced.
You haven't been around
long enough. They've
always been that way.
They get mail
from two different lawyers.
That doesn't mean
anything.
I googled.
They're divorce lawyers.
All right, whatever.
You know what?
It doesn't matter.
Okay? I'm gonna be gone
in two years anyway.
All my friends' parents
are divorced, and--
Hey, knock it off.
[ Sobbing ]
You're gonna cry?
Look, you're gonna
get two of everything.
Right?
You're gonna get two birthdays,
two Thanksgivings, two--
I don't want
two of everything.
Yeah, well,
it's not up to you.
All right?
There's a point
you have to grow up.
[ Chattering ]
[ Elevator Beeps ]
I need to see a badge.
Sir. Sir!
What happened out there?
There are thermal cameras
all over that paddock.
She did not
just disappear!
[ Sighs ]
It must have been some kind
of a technical malfunction.
Were you not watching?
She marked up that wall
as a distraction. She wanted us
to think she escaped.
Hold on.
We are talking about
an animal here.
A highly intelligent
animal.
400 meters
to the beacon.
[ Radio: Man ]
Control, be advised. We've got
a kayak squad midstream.
You're going after her
with nonlethals?
We have $26 million
invested in that asset.
We can't just kill it.
- Those men are gonna die.
- 300 meters to the beacon.
[ Lowery ]
They're right on top of it.
[ Owen ] Call this mission off.
- Call it off right now.
- You are not in control here!
[ Beacon Beeping Steadily ]
[ Beeping,
Rapidity Increasing ]
[ Beeping ]
Blood's not clotted yet.
It's close.
What is that?
That's her tracking implant.
She clawed it out.
How would it know
to do that?
She remembered
where they put it in.
[ Branches Breaking ]
It can camouflage!
- [ Sustained Tone ]
- [ Men Shouting, Screaming ]
[ Sustained Tone ]
Evacuate the island.
We'd never reopen.
You made a genetic hybrid,
raised it in captivity.
She is seeing all of this
for the first time.
She does not even
know what she is.
She will kill
everything that moves.
You think the animal
is contemplating
its own existence?
She is learning
where she fits
in the food chain,
and I'm not sure
you want her
to figure that out.
Asset Containment
can use live ammunition
in an emergency situation.
You have an M-134
in your armory.
Put it on a chopper
and smoke this thing!
We have families here.
I'm not gonna turn this place
into some kind of a war zone.
- You already have.
- Mr. Grady, if you're
not gonna help,
there's no reason
for you to be in here.
I would have a word
with your people
in the lab.
That thing out there--
that's no dinosaur.
[ Radio: Man ]
Are we proceeding with,
uh, feeding?
[ Radio Chatter ]
Okay.
[ Sighs ]
I'm going to
close everything
north of the resort.
This is a phase one,
real world.
Bring everyone in.
This is a phase one, real world.
I repeat, this is a phase one.
Bring everyone back in.
[ Gray ] What they didn't know
at the time is that
the soft tissue is preserved...
because the iron
in the dinosaur's blood
generates free radicals,
and those
are highly reactive.
So the proteins
and the cell membranes
get all mixed up...
and act
as a natural preservative.
DNA can survive
for millennia that way.
-Even if the amber mines dry up,
they'll still have bones--
-Shut up.
What do you think's
gonna happen from you
just staring at them?
[ All Giggling ]
Thanks, man.
You're welcome.
Enjoy the ride.
[ Man On PA ]
Pregnant women and those who
suffer from motion sickness...
should consult with a doctor
before riding this ride.
Enjoy the ride.
[ Rings ]
Hello.
[ Woman Speaking,
Faint ]
Seriously?
Uh, sorry, folks!
Ride's closed!
- [ Crowd Grumbling ]
- Everyone needs to proceed
to the monorail.
[ Crowd Grumbling,
Shouting ]
Come on, guys.
I just work here.
[ Woman On PA ]
Due to technical difficulties,
all our exhibits are now closed.
- [ Repeating Announcement
In Spanish ]
- [ Guests Chattering ]
You know that
I'm not at liberty to reveal
the asset's genetic makeup.
Modified animals
are known to be
unpredictable.
It's killed people, Henry.
That's unfortunate.
What purpose could we have
for a dinosaur
that can camouflage?
Cuttlefish genes were added
to help her withstand
an accelerated growth rate.
Cuttlefish
have chromatophores...
that allow the skin
to change color.
It hid from
thermal technology.
How is that possible?
Really?
Tree frogs can modulate
their infrared output.
We used strands
from their DNA to adapt her
to a tropical climate.
But I never imagined--
Who authorized you
to do this?
You did.
Bigger. Scarier.
Um, "cooler," I believe,
is the word that
you used in your memo.
You cannot have
an animal...
with exaggerated
predator features...
without the corresponding
behavioral traits.
What you're doing here--
What you have done--
The board will shut down
this park, seize your work,
everything you've built.
And Hammond won't be there
to protect you this time.
All of this exists
because of me.
If I don't innovate,
somebody else will.
You are to cease
all activities
here immediately.
You are acting like
we are engaged in
some kind of mad science.
But we are doing
what we have done
from the beginning.
Nothing in Jurassic World
is natural.
We have always filled
gaps in the genome
with the DNA of other animals.
And if their genetic code
was pure, many of them
would look quite different.
But you didn't ask for reality.
You asked for more teeth.
- I never asked for a monster!
- "Monster" is a relative term.
To a canary,
a cat is a monster.
We're just used to
being the cat.
* [ Theme ]
Hey there.
I'm Jimmy Fallon.
Welcome aboard the Gyrosphere,
an amazing machine
made possible by science.
Your safety
is our main concern,
which is why you're behind
our invisible barrier system,
which protects you
from things like
dilophosaurus venom.
One drop of this
could paralyze you,
so watch out.
Is this real?
It is?
And for added protection,
each vehicle is surrounded
by aluminum oxynitride glass.
So tough, it can stop
a .50 caliber bullet.
The gyroscopic technology
will keep you upright
at all times.
So you've got
nothing to worry about.
Where are they?
[ Dinosaurs Lowing ]
Oh, man.
[ Beeping ]
[ Woman ]
Due to technical difficulties,
all our exhibits are now closed.
Please disembark all rides
and return to the resort.
Come on.
[ Sighs ]
No, we can stay out
a couple more minutes.
But they said
it was closed.
Aunt Claire gave us
special wristbands, right?
We're VIP, dude.
Come on.
It'll be fun.
Mama! Mama!
Celina!
Oh!
[ Woman Laughs ]
Oh,mi bambina.
[ Woman Continues
Exclaiming ]
Oh,mi bambina.
[ Radio: Man ]
I'm backed up
with the Cretaceous crew.
[ Radio: Man Continues ]
[ Line Ringing ]
Hello?
Zara.
Bring the boys back
to the hotel right away.
Yeah, I-- I--
I've been looking
everywhere for them.
It's been quite a while--
Slow down.
I can't hear.
Zach and Gray,
they've run off.
They what?
[ Phone Ringing ]
Hey, Claire.
Zach, thank God.
Is Gray with you?
Yeah, I-I can't
really hear you.
We're in the hamster ball.
Okay, Zach,
listen to me.
[ Phone Signal
Breaking Up ]
- Hello? Hello?
- Wh-- Zach?
[ Beeps ]
Huh.
Are there any Gyrospheres
left in the valley?
They're all accounted for.
Wh-- There--
Yeah, there's one
in the field.
Send a team of rangers.
Bring them in.
Security, we need
a search and rescue
in the valley.
[ Man ] It's gonna be a while.
We've got our hands full
out here.
No, no, no! There are
two guests missing!
Make this your top priority!
- Just do it, man.
- We're doing the best we can.
Okay, fine.
I'll do it myself.
Hey! You think
I'm the one you need to be
worried about right now?
Back off!
What happened here?
Dude.
Off-road.
But they told us
to go back.
I'm just worried that
you're not getting the full
Jurassic World experience.
Shh.
[ Man On PA ]
With our new
invisible fence technology,
the dinosaurs can
stay in designated zones...
without unnecessary bars
or cages.
- Claire!
- [ Sighs ]
- I need you.
- Okay.
I need your help.
My nephews,
they're out in the valley.
Please, if anything
happens to them--
How old?
Uh, the, um-- the older one,
he's high school age.
The younger one,
he's, um-- he's a few years--
You don't know
how old your nephews are?
[ Gray ]
No, no.
Bad idea. Bad idea.
Great idea.
No!
We're gonna get arrested,
they'll shave our heads,
and we're gonna
have to make root beer
in the toilet.
What are you
talking about?
- There.
- [ Grunting ]
You see? I told you.
You're welcome.
Up close and personal
with four... dinosauruses.
Ankylosaurus.
We shouldn't
be here.
And there's
five dinosaurs.
Aren't you supposed to be
a genius or something? Look.
One, two, three,
four.
Five.
[ Indominus Growling ]
- [ Roaring ]
- Go, go, go, go, go!
[ Yelling ]
- Hold it together, man.
- [ Gray Continues Yelling ]
Drive! Drive! Go!
[ Both Yelling ]
[ Crunch ]
- [ Groans ]
- [ Gasping ]
- We're safe in here, right?
- Yeah. Totally safe.
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Vibrating ]
Come on.
Pick up.
Pick up, pick up, pick up.
[ Vibrating ]
[ Grunting ]
- [ Gasps ] Zach.
- Almost got it.
Zach.
Yeah?
- Look.
- [ Vibrating Stops ]
[ Growling ]
[ Screaming ]
Go! Go!
Gray, go!
Oh, crap!
We're gonna
have to jump.
I can't.
Are you ready?
One. Two.
[ Gray Screaming ]
[ Roaring ]
You jumped.
[ Laughing ]
[ Engine Stops ]
Stay in the car.
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Wheezing ]
[ Whispering ]
Hey. Hey.
Hey.
I know, I know.
[ Groaning ]
Shh.
Shh-shh-shh.
That's all right.
All right, girl.
[ Groaning Continues ]
[ Groans ]
Okay. Okay.
Okay, okay.
You're okay. Okay.
[ Gasps ]
It didn't eat 'em.
It's killing for sport.
[ Man ]
Up the beach.
Up the beach. Let's go!
Units on standby,
ready for go.
Good.
Hold off on that
live feed. We got
an evolving situation here.
They give you
the green light yet?
They will.
Owen,
we have a situation here.
[ Static ]
[ Speaks French ]
[ On Speaker ]
Hey, there. I'm Jimmy Fallon.
Welcome aboard the Gyrosphere,
an amazing machine
made possible by science.
...aboard the Gyrosphere--
Hey, there.
Your safety is our main concern.
Now just relax
and enjoy the ride.
[ Distorted ]
It can stop a .50 cal--
[ Electrical Crackling ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
Oh, no, no, no. No!
[ Gasping ]
Hey. They made it out.
Oh, my God.
They jumped.
Brave kids.
Zach! Gray!
- [ Shushing ]
- Hey! I am not
one of your damn animals.
Listen.
Those kids are still alive.
But you and I will not be
if you continue
to scream like that.
[ Softly ]
So--
You can pick up
their scent, can't you?
Uh-- Uh,
track their footprints?
I was with the navy,
not the Navajo.
So then what should we do?
What do you suggest we do?
You get back.
I'll find them.
No. We'llfind them.
You'll last two minutes
in there.
Less, in those
ridiculous shoes.
What is that
supposed to mean?
It means
I'm ready to go.
Okay. But let's get
one thing straight.
I'm in charge out here.
You do everything I say
exactly as I say it.
Excuse me?
Just relax.
Just like taking a stroll
through the woods.
Sixty-five million years ago.
[ Sighs ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Growling, Faint ]
Stay here.
Wow.
[ Exhales ]
You still have
those matches?
Here you go.
Gray.
[ Whirs ]
1992 Jeep Wrangler Sahara.
Sand beige.
You remember when
we fixed up
Grandpa's old Malibu, right?
Yeah.
[ Clamoring, Chattering ]
[ Lowery ]
Every time this thing kills,
it moves further south.
It's headed right for the park.
Why would she come here?
She can sense
thermal radiation.
Our emergency measures
just put all the warm bodies
in one place.
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
Sir--
InGen.
Hoskins.
- I know who you are.
- Then you know why I'm here.
I've been working for two years
on an application
for those raptors.
They can hunt and kill
that creature.
Your program
was to test
their intelligence.
Yeah, it was.
And we did.
And in the process,
we learned something.
They follow orders.
You see, the solution
to your crisis is standing
right in front of you.
Let me be
as clear as I can.
No velociraptors
are going to be set loose
on this island.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, shit.
You're out of your mind.
What are you gonna do
with all these people?
You got 20,000 people here.
What are you gonna do?
They have no place to go.
That thing
is a killing machine.
And it will not stop.
Okay. I intend to personally
look into your project...
to determine
its viability...
within the moral principles
of this company.
Okay, boss.
What's your next move?
Never mind.
Sir, I can't get ahold
of your instructor.
He's likely caught up
in the evacuation.
And you're sure
there's nobody else
who can fly a helicopter?
We don't need anyone else.
[ Rustling ]
You think it's out there?
I mean, I know for a fact
it is definitely not out there.
All right?
We're totally safe.
Here. Go take this.
You're stronger than me.
All right.
Turn it over.
[ Engine Starts ]
Whoo!
It works!
All right.
[ Exhales ]
I thought you failed
your driver's test.
No.
Only the driving part.
[ Vehicle Departs ]
[ Gasps ]
This one of theirs?
Yeah.
That road goes
straight back
to the park.
How'd they even get
one of these things started?
[ Loud Footsteps ]
[ Gasps ]
Oh, God.
[ Footsteps Continue ]
[ Growling ]
[ Inhales ]
[ Sniffing ]
[ Metal Creaking ]
[ Footsteps Depart ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Roaring Continues ]
[ Helicopter Passes Overhead ]
[ Claire ]
Lowery. We found her.
South of the Gyrosphere valley,
between the old park
and the aviary.
Wait. Are you
following the dinosaur?
Yes. Get ACU out here.
Real guns this time.
ACU is airborne.
They took the helicopter.
Who's flying it?
Did you boys serve
in the armed forces?
Afghanistan, sir.
Did your general
ever fly into battle
with you?
Uh-oh.
[ Rumbling ]
Got it. Got it.
[ Woman On Radio ]
We have eyes on the target
south of the aviary.
Proceed and engage.
Come on.
Look alive, boys.
Look alive!
10:00!
By the birdcage!
[ Beeps ]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
No, no, no! No!
Looks like the fox
got in the henhouse.
Pull up! Pull up!
Up, up, up, up!
[ Screams ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Woman Gasps, Cries ]
We have a breach
in the aviary.
The trees. The trees.
Go! Go!
[ Both Laughing ]
Okay. That's it.
We're safe now.
- Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go!
- Shit!
Hurry up! Go!
- [ Gray ] Hey!
- [ Zach ] Help!
[ Horn Honking ]
Open the gate!
Let us in!
That's a first.
Open the gate!
Let us in!
[ Screeching ]
[ Man On PA ]
Attention, aviary employees.
There has been
a containment breach.
Hello?
Claire, we spotted the boys
on surveillance.
They're approaching
the west gate.
I'm headed there now.
Okay. Okay.
Stay right there.
I'm on my way.
Stay right with them.
Hey! Get on.
[ Chattering ]
[ Woman On PA ]
Ladies and gentlemen,
due to a containment anomaly,
all guests
must take shelter immediately.
Ladies and gentlemen,
due to a containment anomaly,
all guests
must take shelter immediately.
[ Siren Blaring ]
[ Shouting, Screaming ]
[ Man On Speakers ]
Use liquid tranquilizers.
Do not fire live ammunition.
I repeat,
do not fire live ammunition.
Claire. Come on.
[ Zara ]
Stop running!
[ Yelps ]
Hey.
Don't just stand there!
[ Screaming ]
[ Zara Continues Screaming ]
[ Gasps ]
Go. Get inside, now!
Zach!
Gray!
[ Zach ]
Aunt Claire!
Go! Go!
[ Zach ]
Claire!
No! Hold--
Is that Aunt Claire?
It's them. Zach! Gray!
Oh, my God.
Thank God. Thank God.
What happened?
What is this?
Are you okay?
Where did you go?
Why didn't you come back?
I was so worried about you.
Who's that?
We work together.
[ Owen ]
Hey.
Okay. Come on.
Come on, come on.
We gotta go.
Hey, hey. You guys
can't just be walking up in--
Simon Masrani's death
was a tragedy.
[ Chattering ]
The new mission is to prevent
further loss of life.
- Uh, who are these guys?
- I'm glad you asked.
You're all relieved of duty.
There's a new team
on the ground.
[ Chittering ]
Lowery, I'm on my way
back to you.
That's a bad idea.
The board assigned
emergency ops to InGen's
private security division.
This guy Hoskins is in charge.
[ Tapping On Glass ]
And he has this insane plan
to use the raptors
to hunt the Indominus.
What do you mean,
"use the raptors"?
Son of a bitch!
[ Banging At Door ]
You shouldn't
say "bitch."
Take the kids.
Get 'em someplace safe.
Drive.
You got it.
You got this.
Go! Go faster!
Drive!
Go!
[ All Sighing ]
- This does not feel safe.
- Can we stay with you?
I am never leaving you
as long as you live.
No, no. Him.
Yeah. Definitely him.
[ Man #1 ]
Live and ready to go.
Live for the show.
[ Snarling ]
[ Man #2 ]
Got it.
Hey. Right here.
[ Chuckles ]
Right here.
[ Barry ]
She look at what she wants.
Usually what she wants to eat.
[ Vehicle Approaches ]
The mother hen
has finally arrived.
Oh!
Oh.
Get the hell out of here
and stay away from my animals.
Hoskins,
you wanted this to happen,
you son of a bitch.
Oh, Jesus.
How many more people
have to die...
before this mission
starts to make sense to you?
It's not a mission.
It's a field test.
This is
an InGen situation now.
Okay, there are gonna be
cruise ships that
show up here at first light.
Everybody's gonna
get off this island.
You're gonna watch
a news story tomorrow about
how you all saved lives.
No, no, no.
Better yet, how your animals
saved lives.
They've never been
out of containment.
It's crazy.
Let's move it out!
[ Man ]
Let's go!
This is happening.
With or without you.
We know that she is
in sector five.
This is a game
we call hide-and-seek.
It's a scent drill.
We've done it
about a thousand times
with these animals.
When they get on target,
and they will get on target,
wait to engage.
Velociraptors
are pack hunters.
They like to herd the animal
into a kill zone.
That's when we take our shot.
Get a clear shot,
wait on my command
and give her everything you got.
We got one good target,
gentlemen.
Do not shoot my raptors.
Please.
Easy, Blue.
[ Growling ]
Easy.
Attagirl.
You don't scare me.
[ Gray ]
Owen.
Are they safe?
No, they're not.
What are their names?
Well, you got Charlie,
there's Echo,
here is Delta,
and this one's called Blue.
- She's the beta.
- Who's the alpha?
You're looking at him, kid.
[ Grunts ]
See? Totally safe.
All right. Get in.
Come on.
Get in there.
If you need me,
I'll be right up front.
Just open that window.
Okay?
Put your seat belts on.
Okay. So just--
[ Exhales ]
Hold hands.
[ Door Latches ]
[ Growling, Faint ]
Um--
Nothing's getting
in here, right?
Hey.
Do you remember that ghost
at the old house?
Do you remember?
The one in the garage?
I protected you, right?
You made a battle ax...
out of a ruler
and a paper plate.
Yeah.
See, nothing's gonna get you
while I'm around. Okay?
But you're not always
gonna be around.
Yeah, well--
Hey. We're brothers, okay?
We'll always be brothers,
and we'll always come back
to one another.
No matter what.
[ Sniffing ]
[ Growling, Snorting ]
[ Clicking ]
Awesome.
[ Buzzer Sounding ]
[ Man ]
Here we go.
[ Chattering ]
Your boyfriend's a badass.
Imagine if
we had these puppies
in Tora Bora.
You recording this thing?
They're slowing down.
They got something.
[ Engines Stop ]
[ Weapons Cocking ]
You know what?
No, no, no. You guys
are not gonna watch this.
No, no, no!
Keep the window closed.
- [ Loud Footsteps ]
- [ Indominus Roars ]
[ Both Grunting ]
Something's wrong.
They're communicating.
I know why
they wouldn't tell us
what it's made of.
Why?
That thing's part raptor.
What's taking them so long?
Light it up!
Engage!
[ Gunfire Continues ]
Oh, my God.
Watch your 6:00.
Raptors got a new alpha.
[ Roaring, Faint ]
[ Man Screams ]
[ Static ]
[ Men Screaming ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Raptor Chitters ]
- [ Man #1 ] Chase, clear out!
Go, go!
- [ Man #2 ] Hurry!
[ Man #3 Shouts, Indistinct ]
Fall back!
[ Vehicles Depart ]
[ Roars ]
[ Yells ]
[ Barry ]
No!
Stop! Stop!
No! Blue!
[ Revving Engine ]
- [ Chitters ]
- [ Whistles ]
[ Vehicle Departs ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Claire ]
Oh, my God.
[ Gray ]
Is everybody dead?
Uh-- No, no, no. No.
Everyone is fine.
Don't lie to him.
He's scared! It's okay to lie
when people are scared.
I want to go home.
Oh, sweetheart,
you will, okay?
I promise.
Tomorrow you will be home,
and your mother will never
let me see you again.
- [ Screams ]
- Get out of here! Go!
[ Engine Cranking ]
They're coming!
[ Screaming ]
[ Screaming, Shrieking ]
[ Pounding ]
Just hold on back there!
I don't know how!
Turn it on!
[ Gray Yelps, Shouts ]
- Are you boys okay?
- Hey. Did you see that?
I can't wait to tell Mom.
Oh, please, no.
Do not tell your mother
about that, ever.
Owen!
Yeah!
We gotta get indoors.
Follow me.
[ Beeping ]
[ Line Ringing ]
Lowery, we're headed your way.
Call in a chopper.
[ Indominus Roaring,
Distant ]
[ Chattering ]
Everything
must be accounted for.
I want all
backup generators online.
[ Beeps ]
[ Phone Rings ]
Where have you been?
Change of plans.
Mission took a jog
to the left.
I'm taking everything
off-site.
The embryos are safe here.
They can live up to eight weeks
on the generators.
No, no. You-- You listen.
Park's gonna be Chapter 11
by morning.
Okay?
Our little side project's about
to get a shot in the arm.
I don't want a bunch of lawyers
messing around with something
they don't understand.
You get it?
Hey. I'm gonna take that
as a yes.
[ All Clamoring ]
[ Woman On PA ]
Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like
to thank you for your patience.
The next ferry will be leaving
in 45 minutes.
If you require
immediate medical attention,
please report to the nearest
health service station.
Is this what
you had in mind?
[ Man #1 ] Okay, people.
We have an extraction point
at the east dock.
[ Man #2 ]
Let's go. Move out. Move out.
They said we had to evacuate.
Hey.
There's a boat.
You coming?
Someone has to stay behind.
Oh. No.
I-- I have a boyfriend.
Yeah, but I didn't know
that you guys were, like,
together-together.
That's cool.
I just--
We are.
You've never, like--
You don't mention him, ever.
No. I'm at work.
Oh, I know. Yeah.
Well--
Yeah. Okay.
Great.
Okay.
You gonna be okay?
Yeah.
Okay. Bye.
Where's Hoskins?
He's sending you
and the assets
to a secure location.
But our deal is still intact?
Don't worry. You'll be
well taken care of.
Let's go!
[ Woman On PA ]
Thank you
for visiting Jurassic World.
We hope you enjoyed
your adventure.
Don't forget
to visit the gift shop,
and remember
it's always happy hour
at Margaritaville.
Who's hungry?
[ Continues, Indistinct ]
Come on.
Come on, come on.
Go inside, okay?
[ Zach ]
Come on.
[ Woman On PA ]
The next Mosasaurus feeding
will begin--
Control room.
That way!
[ Man On PA ]
...descended from dinosaurs.
When threatened--
They evacuated the lab.
- [ Door Opens ]
- [ Gasps ]
What are you doing?
I'm afraid that's
above your pay grade, honey.
Where's Henry?
Dr. Wu, he works for us.
That's not a real dinosaur.
No. It ain't, kid.
But somebody's gotta make sure
that this company has a future.
Imagine that one:
a fraction of the size,
deadly, intelligent,
able to hide
from the most advanced
military technology.
A living weapon unlike anything
we've ever seen.
You see,
millions of years of evolution--
What'd we learn?
Nature is the gift--
- [ Roaring ]
- Oh, shit!
Easy.
Easy, boy.
[ Chuckles ]
Easy.
Hey. Hey.
We're-- We're on
the same side, right?
Right?
Easy. Easy.
I'm on your side.
[ Screams ]
No, boys.
Boys, this way.
Come on. Come on.
[ Owen ]
Come on.
[ Beeps ]
[ Roars ]
- [ Roars ]
[ Hisses ]
[ Screeches ]
That's how it is, huh?
[ All Growling, Snorting ]
[ Rifle Clatters ]
[ Chitters ]
Easy.
That's it.
[ Roaring ]
[ Chittering ]
[ Whistles ]
Twenty-four. Fifteen.
We need more.
More what?
Teeth.
We need more teeth.
[ Dinosaurs Roaring ]
Okay, so-- You just wait here.
It's gonna be fine.
[ Gunshots ]
[ Gray Yelps ]
[ Indominus Growling ]
[ Screaming ]
- Lowery, are you still there?
- Hey, where are you?
I need you to open paddock nine.
Paddock nine?
- [ Beeping ]
- You kidding?
[ Roaring ]
Damn it, Lowery.
Be a man and do something
for once in your life.
Why do you
have to make it personal?
- [ Beeps ]
- [ Buzzer Sounds ]
- [ Loud Footsteps ]
- [ Buzzer Continues ]
[ Footsteps Continue ]
Run!
Go! Go, go!
[ Raptor Calling ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Dinosaurs Roaring, Faint ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Speaks French ]
[ Gasps, Cries ]
My God.
It's your parents.
Come on. Come on.
[ Karen ]
Are you okay?
Oh.
[ Cries ]
[ Crying ]
I'm so sorry.
Shh. Are you okay?
Come here.
[ Chattering ]
So what do we do now?
Probably stick together.
For survival.